New Website (#12127)
helix-editor/helix: website/src/content/docs/help/recipes.mdx

---
title: Recipes
description: Common answers to problems in Helix such as Git Integration
---

Includes common solutions to some problems.

## Git Integration

Helix comes with basic git integration such as the ability to see which files have been modified on the gutters, and acting on git hunks as text objects. But a more comprehensive git integration can be desired, which is understandable.

Lazygit is the most popular git TUI and you can smoothly integrate it with Helix with the following keymap:

```toml
# helix/config.toml
[keys.normal]
C-g = [
    ":write-all",
    ":new",
    ":insert-output lazygit",
    ":buffer-close!",
    ":redraw",
    ":reload-all"
]
```

Explanation

1. `write-all`: save all buffers so that the changes can be shown in lazygit and commited right away
2. `new`: create new empty buffer
3. `insert-output lazygit`: runs the `lazygit` command and inserts it's output into the new buffer

> 4. when you exit lazygit, `buffer-close!` will kill the previously empty buffer and send you pack to where you were previously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. When you exit `lazygit`, `buffer-close!` will kill the previously empty buffer, sending you back to where you were previously.
```
